In medical fields, there are problems to fix. Here are my solutions:

1- Many students can't really decide on their major, or whether they should choose medicine or not. There are two tests which it solves this issue. The first one is about how suitable are you for a medical or health care field. The second one is a more general "which major should you pursue" test.

2- Memorization can be a tedious process for medical students. So I wanted to make memorizing fun and easier than ever with the help of Erin.

3- Mental health plays a critical role in a medical lifestyle. If mental health is poor, life quality and medical success suffers tremendously. There's a tool called Ventor for that! It helps you to get rid of your negative thoughts in an engaging and inspring way.

4- Having trouble studying because you simply can't find out your studying style? Well, I have created a typology system of studying types! And not just for medical students, for EVERYONE!

5- New year comes with a new you. Time to get more active and engaged. No more procrastination thanks to Andy, your virtual fitness instructor! He will give your perfect exercise routine, calculate how fit are you, and many other features.

6- Let's have fun with finding out your medical student archetype!



Med Student Archetypes: All 9 of them

1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 

Main differences between types

1-2: I help others because...
1: It's morally the right thing to do
2: I have to take care of their feelings

1-3: I get things done...
1: The right way
3: The most efficient way

1-4: I become self-critical because...
1: I have made a critical mistake
4: I feel inferior to others

1-5: I gather information...
1: To improve and perfect the world
5: For the sake of it, for my own competence

1-6: I follow the rules because...
1: It's plain wrong to break them
6: Bad things can happen if I break them

1-7: My idealism is more like...
1: Perfection, without mistakes
7: Optimism, without negativity

1-8: I express my anger when I...
1: Should, repressing anything else
8: Want to, without rules

1-9: One of my faults are...
1: Being too impatient and rigid
9: Being too lax and indulgent

2-3: I prefer getting my attention through...
2: Giving to others so I feel loved
3: Being the best so I feel valuable

2-4: I am more aware of...
2: Others' feelings, I need to take care of them
4: My own feelings, I explore them in depth

2-5: I am more likely to be...
2: Too willing to give and express
5: Too private and contained

2-6: I am helpful because...
2: I know what the other person needs
6: I need to feel protected and safe

2-7: I am more likely to...
2: Feel obligated to help, others' needs over my own needs
7: Feel limited by responsibility, I need my freedom and I help when I want to

2-8: I tend to manipulate others through...
2: Flattery and compliments
8: Power and force

2-9: I tend to...
2: Know what others want, so I can help them
9: Go along with what others want, so I can feel peaceful

3-4: Others need to see my...
3: Best self, I need to be impressive
4: Real self, I need to show the real me

3-5: I tend to focus on the...
3: Final goal, I need to succeed
5: Process, I need to understand the world

3-6: I'm more focused on...
3: How I appear to others, am I impressive or not?
6: Avoiding bad consequences, am I safe or not?

3-7: I tend to...
3: Play to win
7: Play to have fun

3-8: I am more like:
3: A polished image of success
8: A raw pillar of strength and power

3-9: I am more focused on...
3: Action and getting things done
9: Relaxation and inner peace

4-5: I tend to be...
4: Involved with my own feelings to understand myself
5: Detached from feelings in order to understand the world

4-6: I tend to have a/an...
4: Very strong sense of myself, based on inner experience
6: Unsure sense of myself, I do a lot of "it depends"

4-7: I feel disappointed, and...
4: I feel like I will never get what I need
7: I move on to the better thing

4-8: I tend to...
4: Be full of vulnerability
8: Avoid vulnerability to be strong

4-9: I prefer being...
4: Emotionally intense, full of highs and lows 
9: Emotionally calm, I need to feel peaceful and relaxed

5-6: I tend to...
5: Trust only my mind, as others are less informed
6: Struggle trusting my mind, as the world is uncertain

5-7: I tend to be more naturally...
5: Focused and intense, I need to feel competent
7: Expansive and variety-seeking, I need to feel satisfied

5-8: I am more...
5: Cerebral, I need to think things through before acting
8: Physical, I tend to act readily and immediately

5-9: I am more about...
5: Contrasts, fine details, detachment, focused mental activity
9: Similarities, harmony, comfort, drifting mental activity

6-7: I tend to...
6: Vividly imagine worst-case scenarios
7: Believe that things will work for their best

6-8: When it comes to fear,  I...
6: Recognize my fears, so I can defeat them
8: Deny my fears, so I feel stronger

6-9: I am more likely to...
6: Worry or overthink more than I should
9: Downplay the importance of the problem

7-8: I tend to seek...
7: Variety, I need to feel satisfied
8: Intensity, I need to feel powerful

7-9: I tend to...
7: Seek what I want, as I know what I need for my enjoyment
9: Go along with what others want, as I need to feel inner comfort

8-9: My stability is more like...
8: Actively controlling my environment, as I need to feel strong
9: Having inner peace and repressing anger, as I need to feel comfortable


